Hello this is Carol from Fargo dot com.
And this is tutorial number six in our series of M Cuil for tutorials for beginners.
Today's going to be a short one.
And we're just going to talk quickly about multiline comments.
Sorry if we're already familiar with single line comments it's basically a double slash at the start
of a line.
And here I have a simple example where this one line is coming out and what the script does in this
version is it multiplies two values 15 and 10 and puts the result into this output variable and prints
it out.
So let's have a look at how that works.
Paul and I'll just start it again.
All right.
So tutorial 6 150.
Exactly right.
And now go back.
Now if we uncover this line it will actually override the result of this line.
So here output will be equal to 150.
But then this line will add up value wanting to get twenty five and place that value into output overwriting
the previous value.
So now output will be only will be equal to 25.
And that is regardless of whether we comment this line or not the result will always be the same.
So let's compile go to the terminal around 25 and
the only difference is that coming in this line on make is actually just the program will perform one
operation last but otherwise the result will be the same.
So say for example we want to comment on all of these lines this actually this whole block.
And instead of doing the performing these populations we want to just say Hello there.
One option to achieve that would be to comment out each line individually.
But that would take some time and wouldn't be as effective as a monthly income.
So I'm cool for it to comment on Whole blocks of code very quickly and to do that you need to use a
slash in the stock.
So that begins the multi-line comment and then a star in a flash and Lamott one comment.
So basically this whole block is not commented commented.
And that's why it's great and all the program will do is it will just print Hello there on the screen.
So let's have a look at that.
Let's compile termino.
So there is these messages left over from the previous runs of the script.
And this is the new one just saying hello there.
And that's how you use multi-line comments and then kill for that brings us to the end of today's tutorial.
More information and tutorials are available on for exposure dot com.
I really hope you can join me for the future tutorials on the web.
Always happy.